hello youtube people I am so and the
94 and welcome to a new video
tutorial on this occasion we will get
xbox live gold 48 hours completely
free but before continuing with the video
I recommend my channel, which is a channel
of minecraft subo minecraft
full in pvp later I'm
thinking about making a series of hunger
games' or games of hunger and then nothing
I hope you go through my channel this is my
channel I leave here in the description
I delicated have 160 subscribers
reproductions but I hope that I
help
It's very good this channel is father and
then nothing to invite them to this channel and
We continue with the video tutorial of the
xbox live gold free
the first thing we have to have a
facebook account that we are going to search
here it is
the official page of crimes crimes
doritos ok food diagonal drinks ok what
first we have to do it consists of
click here I like it and
it will automatically give you access to
can generate live xbox gold codes
later you are going to give him here where
say live xbox machine
and let's see what
we wait for him to load this goes a little
the guide but good
and in charge here he tells you this is a guy
roulette where you have to leave the
three or all three boxes of xbox live
for example x loop and the first the
second and third and if they fell the same
obviously it's going to give you a chance and
it's going to be a question, ok, let's go
give it to play and
I did not have good luck let's hope so
ok we already won here but as we like
this
this how are we going to get the code of
xbox live gold the main thing is to answer
the question correctly says what
color is the jersey of the selection
Argentina football jersey is the
T- shirt shirt or whatever it is called 2
obviously it's white with blue 3 squares
and you give in to accept ok
I will give this code to the
10 likes
better to 25 likes after 10
public another to the 15 others and to five
in five I'm posting the
codes ok subscribe to this channel go
to my facebook page I'll leave everything
here in the description to my channel
minecraft and then I do not expect anything
have liked and see you in the next
video